Before submitting this file, make sure that there are no more TODO
placeholders remaining in the file (and remove this comment too).

Fundamentals Warmup
------
Q1. Looking at a call stack listing in a debugger, what is the indication that the program being debugged uses recursion?
A1. 函数调用栈中的函数名称相同，说明函数调用了自身，说明程序使用了递归。

Q2. Subtract the innermost level number from the outermost to get the maximum count of stack frames that fit in the capacity of the call stack. How many stack frames fit in your system's call stack?
A2. level2级别调用栈中的n值为-261891，最外层调用函数时n值为-3，所以最多可以使用的栈帧数为-3-（-261891）=261888。

Q3. Describe how the symptoms of infinite recursion differ from the symptoms of an infinite loop.
A3. 无限循环由于大多数情况下不会创建新的栈，所以症状是程序会持续运行下去，不会自动停止。无限递归在递归过程中持续创建新的栈，虽然程序也会持续运行一段时间，但是当栈帧数达到系统上限时程序会崩溃并停止。

Q4. What is the pattern to which values of base number and exponent result in a test failure?
A4. 1.base是负数，且exp是负数或者大于2的情况；
	2.base等于0，且exp是负数的情况。

Q5. Of the existing five cases, are there any that seem redundant and can be removed from the function? Which do you think are absolutely necessary? Are there any cases that you're unsure about?
A5. base是负数对应的case是多余的，与最后的case重复，且处理过程是错误的。

Balanced Operators
------
Q6. Compare your recursive solution to the iterative approach used for the Check Balance problem in Section 1. Which version do you find easier to read and understand? In which version did you find it easier to confirm the correct behavior?
A6. 个人认为迭代版本更容易阅读和理解，递归版本更容易确认正确的行为。

Merge Sorted Sequences
------
Q7. Give a rough estimate of the maximum length sequence that could be successfully merged on your system assuming a recursive implementation of binaryMerge.
A7. 可以合并的最大序列的长度近似和系统支持的最大栈帧数近似相等，由Q2可知近似是261888。

Q8. What would be the observed behavior if attempting to recursively merge a sequence larger than that maximum?
A8. 程序崩溃并停止。

Q9. Include the data from your execution timing and explain how it supports your Big O prediction for binaryMerge.
A9. TODO

Q10. Include the data from your execution timing and explain how it supports your Big O prediction for naiveMultiMerge.
A10. TODO

Q11. Include the data from your execution timing and explain how it demonstrates O(n log k) runtime for recMultiMerge.
A11. TODO

Q12. You run recMultiMerge on a sequence of size 1 million and see that it completes just fine. Explain why this is not running afoul of the call stack capacity limitation. Hint: How many stack frames (levels) are expected to be on the call stack at the deepest point in the recursion in recMultiMerge?
A12. TODO

Q13. A search engine can't read your mind (although some use personalization to try). If you search a term like "rice" that has many meanings, most search engines will show a few different guesses as to what you might be looking for among the top results: Rice University, what is rice, local restaurants that serve rice, how to cook rice, Rice University Athletics, nutrition of rice, and so on. Search engines often create ordered lists of the most "relevant" results for a certain query. Imagine that a search engine maintains an "ordered list of relevant results for Rice University" and an "ordered list of relevant results for how to cook rice." When the search term is ambiguous, like "rice," the engine shuffles the lists together.

- How could you use your multi-merge algorithm to achieve a result like the search results you saw? Write a couple lines of pseudocode.
- How would you decide when to shuffle together different meanings of a term and when to show only one? Please provide at least two specific scenarios as examples to explain your reasoning.
A13.

Q14. Sometimes search engines choose not to merge results and only show only one meaning or interpretation of a searched term. This often happens within a particular country or geographical area. For example, Katherine Ye & Rodrigo Ochigame show that searching the same term in different countries can deliver entirely different results, such as this search for the word "God." For more examples, see their Search Atlas.

- What does geographical sorting of search results assume about the people who live in each country? At minimum, explain your reasoning in 2-3 sentences.
A14.

Q15. One concern raised with search engines is that they might show different results to different people based on location, language, and especially search history, isolating them from information that might help them understand more about the diverse world in which they live. You may have heard this phenomenon referred to as the creation of “filter bubbles” when the effects of this personalization are negative.

- When would it be beneficial to show personalized search results? Provide a specific example of when you think it would be beneficial, and explain your reasoning.
- Why might showing personalized results to only particular groups of people be an issue? Provide a specific example of when you think it would be harmful, and explain your reasoning.
A15.
